[Music]
i don't know what i'm doing wrong
i've lost my influence maybe it's time i
retired the coat
you still have it some kids with a deer
rifle put
two holes in the sleigh wanting me all i
have is a
loathing for a world that's forgotten
united states military would like to
procure your services this is a one-time
deal gentlemen
how are you mike nicole and the kids are
well i hope
who are you
[Music]
what's the job i'd like you to kill
santa claus
i'm looking for the fat man you can't be
serious
this is what people actually think of me
christmas is a farce i am a joke
what's the purpose of your visit hunting
i'm gonna kill some things
there is a rising number of our youth
making poor decisions
what the big man's head severed heads
rot they mold they don't want his beard
i'm not shaving off a dead man's beard
your workers sure have healthy appetites
that's why elves live much longer than
humans and chris he does the same
no it's a giving that keeps him young
i've come for your head fat man
dashing through
[Music]
think i got this job because i'm fat and
jolly
[Music]
is
oh come while you're sleeping the fat
man's got his eye
on you kids hey whoa oh that's donner
lucky it wasn't blitzer should tear your
package clean off
[Music]
[Applause]